There is a double creation story at the beginning of genesis... First from the perspective of the Elohim (divine council), and then from the perspective of Yaweh, who cursed adam and eve and banished them from the garden for gaining self awareness... The snake never lied. And Jesus was in direct opposition to yaweh the entire time, eventually restoring humanity's access to the fruit of knowledge and tree of life in revelations... 

Now, pay attention to the animals mentioned:
Hosea 7 So I (Yahweh) am to them like a LION;
like a LEOPARD I will lurk beside the way. 8 I will fall upon them like a BEAR robbed of her cubs; I will tear open their breast, and there I will devour them like a LION, as a wild beast would rip them open.
Him being a dragon; 2 Samuel 22-9 Smoke rose from His nostrils, and consuming fire came from His mouth; glowing coals blazed forth. 10 He parted the heavens and came down with dark clouds beneath His feet. 

Now read the words of Jesus himself:
Revelation 13 The dragon stood on the shore of the sea. And I saw a beast coming out of the sea. It had ten horns and seven heads, with ten crowns on its horns, and on each head a blasphemous name. 2 The beast I saw resembled a LEOPARD, but had feet like those of a BEAR and a mouth like that of a LION. The DRAGON gave the beast his power and his throne and great authority." 

Same exact animals Yahweh identified himself as... 

Here's what Yahweh commanded  as punishment:
Leviticus 26-29 You will eat the flesh of your sons and the flesh of your daughters.
And this one. 1 Samuel 15:3-4
3 Now go, attack the Amalekites and totally destroy all that belongs to them. Do not spare them; put to death men and women, children and infants, cattle and sheep, camels and donkeys.’ ”
4 So Saul summoned the men and mustered them at Telaim—two hundred thousand foot soldiers and ten thousand from Judah. 

Face it, Yahweh is evil. He commanded slaves to beaten, sent evil spirits to torment people, total genocide of children and he was the god of the world when Christ was tempted. And he also was the one that told the Pharisees to be the way they were... 

Abraham and Jesus were presented with the same choices in the desert... 

Abraham was told that in exchange for his obedience:  "I will make you a great nation; I will make your name great. I will bless those who bless you and curse those who curse you." (Genesis 12:2-3)    "For all the land which you see; I give to you forever."(Genesis 13:14-17) 

Abraham took the deal. 

Jesus was told that in exchange for his obedience:   "All the kingdoms of the world and the glory of them; I will give to you." (Matthew 4:8-9) 

Jesus overcame temptation and did not take the deal. 

Choose wisely.

by Dylan J McLeod Jan 22, 2024, 2:51 PM
